Point to new doc repo (#48)
CosmWasm/docs: src/pages/core/architecture/events.mdx

tags: ["core", "architecture"]
---

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

# Events

CosmWasm can emit
[Cosmos Events](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.50/learn/advanced/events). These
events are stored in the block as metadata, allowing the contract to attach
metadata to what exactly happened during execution.

<Callout>

Some important details about the keys:

- Whitespaces will be trimmed (i.e.removed from the begin and end)

> - Empty keys (that includes keys onlyconsisting of whitespaces) are not allowed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Empty keys (that includes keys only consisting of whitespaces) are not allowed
```
